oh come on okay why'd you get What's
Wrong you so darkest okay all right all
right relax okay
okay relax finally the oxygen up to you
all right
what's wrong I don't feel so good all
right take it easy right
so you sorry okay why come on tell me
sorry are you talking to like that
talking are you okay no I had a gank you
know that one I know that girl I know I
saw you know her in school she knows he
knows I'm cousin she knows your cousin
Ashley she knows my phone oh no oh yeah
I'm talking to you
oh she's dear I know she's scared no she
acting scared no white wine she saw your
face I wanna be nicer right you're not
so cute she's getting very beautiful you
might get lucky Csonka another stupid
all right come on Ryan eyes talking the
skete okay alright
my club
you know I got you don't like this
nice hey wax me nice okay good okay nice
hey what's she doing me
it's alright hey what's she doing here
it's alright
yo son shakes do you hey hey hey what's
wrong with you
excuse me okay you're Josh come on be
nice oh my god that girl check you out
what did you talk to my daughter
but she's so cute huh hey I'll talk to
you
all right we're trying to do I'm trying
to hook you up
Oh Oh like you what I got it I've been
nice alright guys walking bonus are you
single
single yes talker
I can't talk to her you don't got no
game I don't know the same tell her
she's beautiful very beautiful tell you
the kisser
no no no I reserve he can't kiss you
I told you not so cute oh shit
relax okay I'm your spirit board that's
right just going to you okay like this
you gotta so fun tell me dead hey okay
oh that's natural pcs no no no nice
you got it
you know this too
thank you you don't have to do it all
right
Caitlin
oh you're gonna get some pink oh you're
gonna get it oh yeah all right all right
no I said don't good up and don't do
nothing wrong then kind of em but make
sure you call me tonight you gonna call
me
thank you yeah yeah second oh sorry - oh
sorry
thank you - you bill all right he got a
shower thank you guys for watching I
hope you enjoyed that if you want to see
more of Nigel I'll put his information
in the description below also if you
want to see part two of this let us know
in the comments and hit that like button
and we'll put it apart to see you later
until next time peace what's going on I
see new song people smile